Improved samples of body and br elements (#25742)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/body/index.md

  - : Color of text for visited hypertext links.
    **Do not use this attribute! Use the CSS {{cssxref("color")}} property in conjunction with the {{cssxref(":visited")}} pseudo-class instead.**

## Examples

```html
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Document title</title>
  </head>
  <body>

>     <p>The <b>body</b> HTML element represents the content of an HTML document. There can be only one <b>body</b> element in a document.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>The <code>&lt;body&gt;</code> HTML element represents the content of an HTML document. There can be only one <code>&lt;body&gt;</code> element in a document.</p>
```
